# CS340
-How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?\
In order to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable I followed the best practices for coding which includes following the naming conventions and commenting the code. This maade it easier for me to be able to work within my own code because I can read my comments and remember what my goals were. Develpoing a CRUD file was great practice because with a few simple modifications the CRUD file could be adapted to any database using the versions of Python and MongoDB that I used to create it.\
-How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?\
When approaching a problem as a computer scientist you have to think a bit differently than someone who doesn't understand the code behind the program. Often logic for coding require thinking in a very different way than regualr problem solving. This project was different than others in the past because I was creating a dashboard that could be translated to multiple different databses instead of working within one specific databse permanently. In the future I would ensure I am correctly understanding what the client wants from their database to ensure I am able to give them code to help them make sense of the large datasets inside of most databases.\
-What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?\
Computer scientists understand how to work with technology to meet goals and outsomes that companies want. In this instance the program I designed can help eliminate many hours of someone pouring over every animal from a shelter to determine if they are a good fit which saves the company money and time but also can help more animals find a new purpose.
